This is recording that.
Can you do that?
Yeah, it is.
Thanks Sir.
OK.
So, Isa, I'll start with you.
Like what were you doing last?
On Friday or or weekend and what is blocking you?
Let's see.
Friday I was working.
I did the Sprint for few I did the Sprint planning with everyone and I worked on legal and effects already in the weekend I did nothing and nothing is blocking me.
OK.
OK, I'm not asking about the plans for today because maybe we can, like, think together with to start with like to prioritize just, I don't know honestly how to what to focus on myself.
Fair.
But yeah, we can talk with you about this.
So, Marwa, what about you?
On Friday, I worked only on athletics and this weekend I was mainly working on Block retake, so I didn't really do anything for this block.
OK, OK.
And Max.
Well, last Friday I worked on a that's stuff Alican told me about Streamlet.
Mm-hmm.
But I think I'm gonna leave it because the map that I wanted to visualize is visualized, is already visualized in such a way in Python that I think it's sufficient.
Umm, so that's like some for some higher grade.
So I think I'm come again.
Yeah.
So if you made it, it would be only necessary for some higher.
I allow that.
That's what you mean or.
No, no, no, that's well streamlet is is sort of an app that could with the with that you can create interactive maps and stuff.
Mm-hmm.
That's the map I already created in Python is to my knowledge already.
And how do you say that's interactive enough?
Ah, that's better interactive now.
OK, so now it's.
Yeah, that's.
So I think I'm going to leave that, but I'm not sure yet.
Does good good idea, probably like.
If it's enough, then it's then it's enough.
Yeah, true.
If for me, I started like as Alican said, I started looking for like, what is the poetry?
Just like the virtual environment, something that we have to do.
And yeah, I started trying to figure it out.
Uh, yeah, I already created a a tumal file.
Uh.
Uh, that's like config file or?
Uh, well, with poetry.
Umm.
You you create like a new folder in your GitHub repos from Group 10 and in that new folder you automatically created toml file and the toml file is a file where all your different UM versions are in.
Uh-huh.
OK, so like.
So Python for example is version 3.10 and I don't know.
Uh geopend.
That's his version something.
So OK, so it's like a, let's say container for all of this?
Yeah.
OK.
So for today, what do you think is we could start with like for sure we we need to like girls.
You were doing the ethics and yeah, ethics right?
Both of you.
Yeah.
So this.
Has to be finished, but we also have planned like the baseline machine learning model and so for this.
But we need to, I think the figure it out like what's the input and output like from from the data.
Yeah.
So that before we start.
We first have to do that.
OK.
Say this, what else do we have to to do today?
DA, But the DA.
Uh.
Was 80 again.
Yeah.
Import datasets checking handle missing values.
So it's kind of.
Yeah, it's true.
We need to do EDA to like to define the input that output output I think right?
You know.
So 88 also has to has to be done by today or tomorrow.
So how do we you, you girls, keep working on that ethics.
Do you want to do that or do you want to make?
Yeah, I'm gonna work on that today.
Yeah, sure.
The kinetics be finished by today.
I'll do my best, but it was 15 hours.
Yeah.
So it might, it might be finished by tomorrow.
At at school.
But I'll do my best.
Alright, so Max would so Max, what do you think if we like start the DA like with go to at least have the input and output so that we can start the the machine learning.
Yeah, that's cool.
What do you think?
Or OK.
Or what are you doing?
Some other you you were doing stream late, right?
But you said that you.
Yeah, but I think I'm gonna leave that, but I'll ask Alican on on Wednesday because I'm not sure.
OK, OK.
So yeah, let's let's just start with a DA and you girls finish the ethics.
Alright.
OK, that sounds good.
By the way, do you know if we have also the sounding board session this week?
Umm.
I don't.
Is it like every week or just on GitHub?
I don't think it is.
It it says umm.
So it's not like I mean just on the GitHub it says the same week structure as on week four.
But yeah, I don't know if it includes the this meeting.
No, I I don't.
I don't think so.
I think I just mean like the whole Sprint Planning Sprint review stuff and then whatever is different they put on specifically.
OK, didn't basically we have like just a whole week for ourselves ourselves.
Yeah.
And there's a communication workshop on Wednesday.
Umm ohh, OK yeah, but so.
That's.
Let me 5 minutes.
I have to do something.
I'll be right back.
OK.
So I don't know.
I think that that's it.
I think I think it's a 2.
OK.
Like then it's I'm trying to, I don't know, be somehow taking responsibility, but I don't know what to talk about.
It's funny, but OK.
Yeah.
Like we, I guess we can hang up.
I think if you need a if you need anything, you can just text anyone I guess.
OK.
Or do you want to stay in call?
Sounds good.
All right then.
Good luck guys.
OK, goodbye.
Yeah, you can. Bye.
Bye bye.
But.
OK, I'm back.
Ohh so basically we just decided like to hang up and to.
Yeah, just as usual to and the and and the meeting.
But I don't know what about like the girls.
Yeah, they hung up.
Uh.
They are going to work on the ethics alone, but I don't know what about this EDA.
How how do you want to stay in call or how should we do it?
Umm.
Uh, well umm, first we just import the the different datasets we we have and.
Uh, yeah.
Period.
Then of course we have to check and handle missing values.
Then we have to extract the features.
That's the first step we have to do.
It's not that difficult, but it's to be done.
Yeah, that's cool.
Then if I have problems I will just text you and what have you in this.
That's cool.
We can do the same.
Umm.
OK, so uh, I'll drag to EDA to doing and I'll drag baseline machine model preparation 10 hours.
I'll drag that to doing.
Yeah, and both ethics, I think I'll try.
Umm.
Yeah, this is for.
So I'll tie DA like that.
Umm.
Like this?
Yeah, because later we have had mutual learning building.
Good.
Uh data quality correlations.
Streamlined map.
PDA.
OK.
We'll leave it like this then.
Yeah.
OK, cool.
You're so good luck.
You as well.
Yeah, to you.
Y'all.
Here later maybe.